Previously on
The Handmaid's Tale...
Luke, there are some things
that I need to tell you.
I need you to know that
Nichole was born out of love.
She has no contact
with the baby.
And she pumps in her room.
I will not let you
grow up in this place.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
What is happening?
I'm getting myself in deep shit.
You're getting out of Gilead.
Call her Nichole.
June!
Do you know Commander Mackenzie?
He has a daughter.
Her name is Agnes.
I can't leave without her.
Did you give my baby
to Ofjoseph?
She's safe, Serena.
‐Are you Luke?
‐Yeah.
Your wife saved my life.
We make this request
to the Canadian government.
Our baby daughter
was kidnapped.
Nichole belongs in Gilead.
So you're
a Commander now.
You can go get Hannah.
You can get me out.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting deployed.
To the Front.
Chicago.
I think I care more about
your daughter than you do.
I'm replenishing
the human race for her.
‐What are you doing?
‐I am trying to be her mother!
She has a mother.
I would never have put you
in a new posting!
After what you pulled
at the Mackenzies',
you should be on the wall.
You and I will finally be free
of one another.
You will never be free of me
until both of my children
are safe.
We could have you on a plane
to Honolulu in an hour.
You'd never have to go back
to Gilead again.
Now, think of it.
A baby of your own. And freedom.
I met someone in Canada
who can help us.
You just have to offer
your cooperation.
Commander Waterford,
you have now crossed
into Canada.
You have been charged with
cruel and inhuman treatment,
kidnapping, slavery and rape.
‐What have you done?
‐I want to be with my daughter.
It's always been about you.
I have
some information to report.
Serious crimes
committed by my wife.
Under warrant from the ICC
and the the government
of the United States of America,
I'm placing you under arrest.
Cheer up.
Fred and Serena are toast,
and you just got away
with murder.
I'll get you a truck.
You get my wife out safely.
You can get out, too.
You just have to bring them
something valuable. Kids.
I'm gonna get them out.
They all deserve to be free.
Is this it? Mayday?
Yes.
They'll be coming for us.
Get them on the plane.
Don't do this.
‐
We need to be ready
for anything, guys!
My God.
And the Lord said,
"I have seen my people
in bondage,
and I have heard their cry.
And I am come
to lead my people
out of that sorrowful place."
♪ I say a little prayer
For you ♪
♪ The moment I wake up ♪
‐♪ Before I put on my makeup ♪
‐♪ Makeup ♪
‐♪ I say a little ♪
‐♪ Prayer for you ♪
♪ And while
I'm combing my hair now ♪
♪ And wondering
What dress to wear now ♪
♪ Wear now ♪
‐♪ I say a little ♪
‐♪ Prayer for you ♪
‐♪ Forever ♪
‐♪ And ever ♪
‐♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You'll stay in my heart
And I will love you ♪
‐♪ Forever ♪
‐♪ And ever ♪
‐♪ Ever ♪
♪ We never will part
Oh, how I love you ♪
‐♪ Together ♪
♪ That's how it must be
To live without you ♪
♪ Would only mean
Heartbreak for me ♪
Hey. Hey. I know. I know.
It’s okay.
‐Okay. Take that.
‐
Yeah. Grab there.
‐Janine?
‐Hold onto that.
Hey, hey. I’m right here.
We have to keep moving.
I know. I know. June.
‐Shh, shh.
‐
Hey! Sorry!
We are moving.
We’ve already hooked up
with the Martha network.
They’ve got a cool Guardian.
If we can get to him,
‐he can get us out of the city.
‐We have to.
Okay? They're looking
for a safehouse.
Okay. Listen to me.
We have to go West.
Mayday is West.
And we will. But right now
you’re losing a lot of blood.
And we have to stop it
so you don’t die. Okay?
‐Okay.
Okay. You ready?
‐No. No. No.
‐Okay.
Shh. It’s okay. It’s okay.
Okay.
Ready? Legs.
Okay. I'm so sorry.
‐
Looks good. Looks good.
Why don’t you
turn the engine off?
‐
You be good. Shh.
You’re good. Go in grace.
Blessed day.
You look tired, Serena.
Good morning.
I'm afraid there's no smoking
in here, Mrs. Waterford.
Are you gonna charge me
with smoking now?
Well, gentlemen, I think that
you're both in the wrong place.
I have a meeting here
with my lawyer.
That meeting
is being rescheduled.
Commander, your hearing
this afternoon
will also need to be pushed,
I'm afraid.
So, my rights are being
curtailed already?
We appreciate your patience.
I don't believe you've given
my wife and I much choice.
Don't speak for me!
Apologies...
‐...Mrs. Waterford.
‐In any case,
I will try to let you know
if there are
any additional delays.
And why would there be
any more delays...
...Mark?
Well, the news will break
in the next few hours,
in any case.
Sooner, probably, with Twitter.
Commander, Mrs. Waterford,
this morning,
a plane left Gilead
and landed at Pearson.
There were nine Marthas onboard.
Apostates.
Gilead is well rid of them,
I'm sure.
There were also 86 children.
I'm sorry,
did you say 86 children?
Yes.
We don't have much more
information right now.
We just know that
they're here in Toronto
and that they're safe.
Their poor families.
They're being reunited
with their families
as we speak.
This will start a war.
We plan to do everything
we can to avoid that.
But right now, our priority
is the well‐being
of the children.
Then you return them home,
as quickly as possible.
I'd like nothing better.
But their homes are gone.
You destroyed them.
They can go back
to their cells now.
Mr. Tuello, do you know
how the Marthas
got the children out?
We're still receiving details,
but we believe that
there was a Handmaid involved.
Yours.
June Osborn.
She's still in Gilead,
and as far as we know,
still at large.
I'll have your appointments
rescheduled
‐as soon as possible.
‐
Offred.
They're gonna find her.
And they're gonna kill her.
May God show her mercy.
I don't see the lantern.
How are we supposed
to see the lantern?
‐I'll get closer.
‐You can barely walk.
‐I'm not sending someone else.
‐June!
Blessed evening.
And to you, sir.
You're from Boston?
‐
‐Yeah.
They said
there were more of you.
Where are the others?
Are they okay?
Are you okay?
You're safe.
‐David?
‐Yes, ma'am.
Please unlock the west
gate and wait for Martha.
Bring her to the house
as soon as she gets here.
‐Yes, ma'am. Here, take her.
‐Here's a...
We have to keep her warm.
The Martha was a nurse before.
Here.
Careful. God, June.
‐Get her down.
‐Lift her head.
‐
‐Oh, it's okay. Okay.
‐You're okay, June.
‐I'm Mrs. Keyes.
Esther.
‐June.
‐I know.
Thank you.
You're the one
I've been waiting for.
You got
those children out, dear.
He sent me dreams of you.
We were killing people together.
It was the most
wonderful dreams.
It's okay, it's okay.
Just rest, get better.
Okay.
Aunt Lydia,
you've spent two weeks
being interviewed by the Eyes.
Nineteen days.
The interview, Commander.
It was a bit more
than two weeks.
Yes.
Pray. Excuse my error.
This Council has concluded that
you will not be the subject
of further discipline
in this matter.
Thank you.
This is not an exoneration.
Those children were taken
by females under your charge.
Yes, sir.
I am humbled by your mercy.
Your frailties
were also considered.
How empathetic of you, sir.
So spoken,
so rendered, by this committee.
Return to your good works,
Aunt Lydia.
Thank you.
Handmaids. Sinful whores.
More trouble than they're worth.
Yes, sir.
More misled than sinful,
in this case.
We appreciate your insights.
They were led astray
by a gifted and amoral liar.
A Delilah.
When she is hanging on the wall,
justice will be done.
Ofjoseph.
She has eluded your soldiers
for 19 days.
She's out there planning
who knows
what kind of atrocities
to visit upon
our righteous nation.
Pray, gentlemen,
find her
and bring her to me.
And a frail woman
will sleep better at night.
I leave you to your work.
Most blessed day.
‐
I used to think
of my body as an instrument
for the accomplishment
of my will.
I could use it to run,
pick things up,
make things happen.
There were limits, of course,
but my body was nonetheless
one with me.
It obeyed my commands,
mostly without complaint.
Not anymore.
Now there's tending to be done.
There's homemade penicillin.
Mold scraped off,
rotten fruit,
an old Martha recipe.
There's comfrey
and marigold oil
to make the skin heal faster.
Almost bikini season.
I almost died when we first
got here, they said.
‐
‐Sepsis.
Janine says
I was talking to Hannah.
‐
‐I don't remember.
Pain makes your world
very small.
My world has been this room.
Today I venture forth.
My world can't be small,
Not now.
Because the others need me
to protect them.
Gilead is out there.
Gilead isn't afraid.
It does not hurt or sleep.
It keeps coming,
it keeps searching for us.
And they will keep coming
forever and ever and ever.
No more time
for me to stay in bed.
June. You're up!
Let's get that up.
Hold there.
Come on, buddy. Wait up!
Hi!
‐
‐Mr. Darcy, say hi to June.
Oh, Mr. Darcy. For fuck's sake.
Look at that!
‐Hey!
‐Hey.
Holy crap, it lives.
Look at you, out of bed.
Actually dressed.
Look at me.
How far can you see
on a clear day?
Five, six miles, I'd guess?
The road is the edge
of the farm, see?
And then after that,
enemy territory.
Yeah.
How are you feeling, for real?
It's like shit.
This thing's a mess.
It hurts like balls,
and it's oozing some kind of
like a mustardy, like, yellow...
I don't know,
like a pus or something.
Other than that, I'm great.
‐That's awesome.
‐Thank you.
I'm so glad you're back.
Thanks.
Blessed day, Commander Keyes.
Blessed be the fruit!
You're out of bed.
Sorry.
Yeah. May the Lord open.
You're outside.
Praise be.
Thank you for taking
such good care of me.
I thought you were gonna die.
‐I really did.
‐
But you're not.
You're better.
What are we gonna do?
Hmm?
Um, if there were drones,
would we even see them?
No. They'd be way too high.
Here.
No, but they'd see us.
They'd see all of you.
There's Marthas working
on all the farms
‐around here.
‐I know that.
Good.
I'm not worried at all.
You're here. June is here.
I want to hurt them so badly.
Gilead,
the men.
What can we do?
It's not safe right now.
They're looking for us
and we can't be moving around
outside the farm.
Yeah,
but you're Mayday.
We do things.
We will.
You're not in bed anymore.
So?
Mrs. Keyes, it's...
God, it's not fair.
Someone your age should
never need to be this brave.
I'm the mistress of this house.
Yes, you are.
Ma'am.
And if you weren't
going to fight,
then why did you come here?
You should have just
let them catch you.
Blessed day, Commander.
Not from where I sit.
What news do you bring me,
Commander Blaine?
No news I can share,
unfortunately.
I'm here to thank you
for your service to Gilead.
The thanks of a grateful nation.
Yes, sir. It's well deserved.
Well deserved.
Was there a trial?
Yes, sir.
How did I do?
I'm here to thank you
for your service to Gilead.
That good, huh?
You'll receive more information
tomorrow, sir.
Tomorrow.
Yes, sir.
Under His eye.
How go the invasion plans?
I've received no such orders.
Well, they're coming.
Do you think it's a good idea
to invade Canada?
It's not my decision.
Yet you may die.
Millions may die
by that decision.
Gilead is determined to bring
the missing children home.
At any cost?
I believe so.
‐No.
‐No?
This is a diplomatic
opportunity.
If Gilead can
let those children go,
as a sign of good faith,
think of the bilateral progress
that could be made.
A cease fire at the border,
trade talks.
Might be able
to kickstart the UN.
What happens
in the next few weeks
will dictate
the future of this country.
It's June's legacy.
What do you want it to say?
I'm here to thank you
for your service to Gilead.
You're a good man, Commander.
Guard.
Come on.
‐June.
‐
Hi, Mr. Darcy.
Hi, buddy.
‐You're a good, good pig.
‐
It's not your fault, okay?
Janine?
Dear Lord,
let us know your miracles,
and let us be in awe of them.
Your world sustains us,
body and soul.
May we be truly worthy.
Amen.
‐Amen.
‐
That was beautiful.
‐It was okay?
‐Yeah, it was lovely.
Thank you.
‐
I do.
I really love the parsnip.
Which one's the parsnip?
This one?
The purple one?
I think
the white one.
The white one, yeah.
Do you want to take one?
‐Do you want?
‐No.
‐Can you just pass them?
‐Mmm‐hmm.
‐Oh, I'll take it.
‐There you go.
Take one, Janine.
Oh. No. Thank you, ma'am.
I had to kill that pig
to feed you all.
She'd still be alive
if you weren't here.
So...
Life is precious
on a farm, Janine.
Don’t spit that out!
Mrs. Keyes.
‐
Hey.
I do not want you
messing with Janine.
Do you understand me?
‐Give me that knife.
‐It's mine.
‐Give it to me.
‐Food is a gift from God.
In my house,
we clean our plates.
Isn't this my house?
They took out
her fucking eye! Okay?
They brutalized her.
They brutalized
all of those women.
You know what they do
to Handmaids, don't you?
Yeah?
Then show some compassion.
And some fucking respect.
The Commander couldn't do it.
‐Excuse me?
‐Couldn't do it,
most of the time
whenever we first married.
With the pills,
needle shot into his thing.
He wanted a baby... Of course.
What...
What did he do to you?
He would bring in other men.
You know, Guardians. Eyes.
Even some Commanders.
Then they started
coming more often.
For their turn to fuck me.
I'm sorry.
Wives have bad things, too.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
Hey.
Now you listen to me, okay?
None of this is your fault.
None of it.
You know what I think?
I think God...
is just.
And I think
that He is gonna
make those men pay.
Uh‐huh.
For what they did to you.
Shh. It's okay.
Shh.
It's all right.
It's okay.
Alma?
June.
Where the fuck were you?
She needed to be managed.
‐Who?
‐Mrs. Keyes.
Wait...
That abused little girl
is the only thing protecting us.
‐Where were you?
‐That was my job?
Yes! Yes!
I was tryin' to keep you alive.
After carrying your fat ass
across friggin' Massachusetts.
You're fucking welcome.
Where's Janine?
I don't know. Reading a book.
Getting laid, I hope.
Enjoying her freedom.
Alma.
We are not free.
Maybe this is as free
as we're gonna get.
Maybe we should make
the best of it.
‐
♪ Would you hold it near ♪
♪ As it were your own? ♪
♪ It's a hand‐me‐down ♪
♪ The thoughts are broken ♪
Come on, Janine,
dance with me. Come on.
Aw.
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ Don't really care ♪
♪ Let there be songs ♪
♪ To fill the air ♪
♪ Ripple in still water ♪
Blessed day, gentleman.
Come with us,
Commander.
Commander Lawrence.
You've already thanked me
for my service.
I think there still
may be more that you can do.
For your country.
This is an overview of force
strength along the border.
Invasion options,
with commentary.
You'll know
where everyone stands.
I convinced the Council
to bring you in as a consultant.
They'll listen to you.
Some men need to be led.
The Tao of June Osborn.
Blessed day, Commander.
I'll let you get cleaned up.
‐Blessed morning, sir.
‐Mmm.
Blessed be the fruit.
A full shave today, sir?
You can trim my beard
but not too much.
I'm enjoying the length.
Mrs. Keyes?
Esther?
Blessed day.
‐
‐Blessed day.
I'm sorry, I, um...
I don't recall your name.
I'm Rob Keyes.
Um, Martha.
‐Sir.
‐Martha.
Glory be, Martha.
Thank you.
Uh‐huh.
There's another...
young lady living
at the house. I...
I don't recall her name, either.
‐Her name is Esther.
‐Esther.
Esther.
Such a pretty girl.
I'm a bit afraid of her.
At times.
To be honest.
You should be.
Blessed day, Commander.
We need you outside.
Stay with him.
He was trespassing.
He was drunk.
I can have him arrested,
in the name of my husband.
Do we know his name?
Guardian Pogue.
He likes "Johnny" better.
He likes hearing me say it.
He likes the way my tongue looks
whenever I say it.
Bring him up.
Is he one of them?
Blessed be the fruit, Johnny.
Shit.
‐
Hey!
Stop.
Put him in the barn.
He saw all of us.
Yeah, he did.
I'm sorry.
Shit.
I needed
to pay attention to her.
It's not your fault.
Her family sent her here.
To be raped.
And passed around.
They gave her to these... men.
So, no, it's not your fault.
We'll take him to the river.
Deal with him.
No.
Girls.
This man betrayed
his own country,
the United States.
He's a traitor.
And this man...
raped a child.
Repeatedly.
The punishment
for these crimes...
is death.
You were right.
We're Mayday.
We don't hide.
We fight.
And in this place,
we all fight.
Good girl.
Make me proud.
I will.
‐
♪ Looking out
On the morning rain ♪
♪ I used to feel uninspired ♪
♪ And when I knew
I'd have to face another day ♪
♪ Lord, it made me feel
So tired ♪
♪ Before the day I met you ♪
♪ Life was so unkind ♪
♪ Your love was the key
To my peace of mind ♪
♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ Like a natural woman ♪
Is this okay?
Mmm‐hmm.
♪ Oh, when my soul
Was in the lost and found ♪
♪ You came along to claim it ♪
♪ I didn't know just
What was wrong with me ♪
I love you.
♪ 'Til your kiss
Helped me name it ♪
♪ Now I'm no longer doubtful ♪
♪ Of what I'm living for ♪
I love you too, Banana.
♪ And if I make you happy
I don't need to do more ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ Like a natural woman ♪
♪ Oh, baby
What you done to me? ♪
♪ What you done to me? ♪
♪ You make me feel
So good inside ♪
♪ Good inside ♪
♪ And I just wanna be ♪
♪ Wanna be ♪
♪ Close to you
You make me feel so alive ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ Like a natural woman ♪
♪ You know you
You make me feel ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ Like a natural woman ♪
♪ Natural woman ♪
We came here to fight.
These women deserve to be free.
Is that it? Or do you just wanna
kill a bunch a commanders?
Both.
Better to die on your feet than
to live on your knees. Right?
You can't save her.
She is never coming back to you.
You owe me.
This could help you stay alive.
Everyone that helps her
end up on the fucking wall.
I have witnesses
to your many abuses, Commander.
What else you got?
You want me to restore
your position?
I need my seat back
at the table.
And your information
can help me get it.
Where are the Handmaids?
Don't lie to me.
I find that very frustrating.
Please, I just want
my daughter back.
If you think I'm gonna
let you have her,
then you are delusional.
I hate it here.
I want to go home.
Kid misses Gilead.
Suddenly got ripped away from
the only families they remember.
June didn't think
that part through.
That's what she does.
This is stupid
and dangerous.
We're going
to the front of a war?
You will be tested
by wicked men.
What kind of resistance are you?
The kind that survives.
Your bond with each other
will be strong.
From this day forward,
none of you
will ever walk alone again.